README.rst, before:

########
PyPexels
########
|Latest Version| |Docs Build Status| |Build Status| |Code Coverage| |Code Climate| |Landscape Io| |Say Thanks|

An open source Python wrapper for the `Pexels REST API <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_.
The source code is available on GitHub at `https://github.com/salvoventura/pypexels <https://github.com/salvoventura/pypexels>`_.

.. note::  When using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


############
Installation
############
``PyPexels`` is available on `PyPI <https://pypi.python.org/pypi>`_ and thus can be installed with ``pip`` on most platforms.
::

    $ pip install pypexels

############
Dependencies
############
This library depends on `Requests <http://docs.python-requests.org>`_ to make - well - requests to the Pexels API.
This additional package should be automatically installed at installation time, or you can simply install it by:
::

    $ pip install requests

########
Examples
########
This example shows how the interaction with the paging functionality of the Pexels API is greatly abstracted and
simplified. The code below will iterate through all popular images, and print attributes for each photo in there.

.. code-block:: python

    from pypexels import PyPexels
    api_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

    # instantiate PyPexels object
    py_pexels = PyPexels(api_key=api_key)

    popular_photos = py_pexels.popular(per_page=30)
    while popular_photos.has_next:
        for photo in popular_photos.entries:
            print(photo.id, photo.photographer, photo.url)
        # no need to specify per_page: will take from original object
        popular_photos = popular_photos.get_next_page()

#############
Documentation
#############
Documentation is published on `ReadTheDocs <http://pypexels.readthedocs.io/>`_.


#######
Version
#######
**PyPexels v1.0.0b3 (beta, v3)**

    Third beta release introduces support for `curated` and `random`.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


**PyPexels v1.0.0b2 (beta, v2)**

    Second beta release introduces Python3 support.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


**PyPexels v1.0.0b1 (beta, v1)**

    First release with wrappers around the two Pexels API for `search` and `popular`.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


#######
License
#######
PyPexels is released under the `MIT License <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_.


.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/salvoventura/pypexels.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/salvoventura/pypexels
    :alt: Build Status

.. |Docs Build Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pypexels/badge/?version=latest
    :target: http://pypexels.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. |Latest Version| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/pypexels.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/pypexels

.. |Code Coverage| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/salvoventura/pypexels/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/salvoventura/pypexels

.. |Code Climate| image:: https://codeclimate.com/github/salvoventura/pypexels/badges/gpa.svg
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/salvoventura/pypexels
   :alt: Code Climate

.. |Landscape Io| image:: https://landscape.io/github/salvoventura/pypexels/master/landscape.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://landscape.io/github/salvoventura/pypexels/master
   :alt: Code Health

.. |Say Thanks| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg
   :target: https://saythanks.io/to/salvoventura
   :alt: Say Thanks

Commit message:

- Update README.rst page as well with new release

README.rst, after:

########
PyPexels
########
|Latest Version| |Docs Build Status| |Build Status| |Code Coverage| |Code Climate| |Landscape Io| |Say Thanks|

An open source Python wrapper for the `Pexels REST API <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_.
The source code is available on GitHub at `https://github.com/salvoventura/pypexels <https://github.com/salvoventura/pypexels>`_.

.. note::  When using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


############
Installation
############
``PyPexels`` is available on `PyPI <https://pypi.python.org/pypi>`_ and thus can be installed with ``pip`` on most platforms.
::

    $ pip install pypexels

############
Dependencies
############
This library depends on `Requests <http://docs.python-requests.org>`_ to make - well - requests to the Pexels API.
This additional package should be automatically installed at installation time, or you can simply install it by:
::

    $ pip install requests

########
Examples
########
This example shows how the interaction with the paging functionality of the Pexels API is greatly abstracted and
simplified. The code below will iterate through all popular images, and print attributes for each photo in there.

.. code-block:: python

    from pypexels import PyPexels
    api_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

    # instantiate PyPexels object
    py_pexels = PyPexels(api_key=api_key)

    popular_photos = py_pexels.popular(per_page=30)
    while popular_photos.has_next:
        for photo in popular_photos.entries:
            print(photo.id, photo.photographer, photo.url)
        # no need to specify per_page: will take from original object
        popular_photos = popular_photos.get_next_page()

#############
Documentation
#############
Documentation is published on `ReadTheDocs <http://pypexels.readthedocs.io/>`_.


#######
Version
#######
**PyPexels v1.0.0b4 (beta, v4)**

    Fourth beta release introduces bugfix for `Issue#7 AttributeError raised on Search.entries <https://github.com/salvoventura/pypexels/issues/7>`_.
    REST API calls could fail silently making `body` an object of type `None`. With this fix,
    failing REST API calls will raise a **PexelsError** exception instead.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


**PyPexels v1.0.0b3 (beta, v3)**

    Third beta release introduces support for `curated` and `random`.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


**PyPexels v1.0.0b2 (beta, v2)**

    Second beta release introduces Python3 support.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


**PyPexels v1.0.0b1 (beta, v1)**

    First release with wrappers around the two Pexels API for `search` and `popular`.

    Note that using this library you still need to abide to Pexels Guidelines, which
    are explained on `Pexels API page <https://www.pexels.com/api/>`_


#######
License
#######
PyPexels is released under the `MIT License <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_.


.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/salvoventura/pypexels.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/salvoventura/pypexels
    :alt: Build Status

.. |Docs Build Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pypexels/badge/?version=latest
    :target: http://pypexels.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. |Latest Version| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/pypexels.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/pypexels

.. |Code Coverage| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/salvoventura/pypexels/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/salvoventura/pypexels

.. |Code Climate| image:: https://codeclimate.com/github/salvoventura/pypexels/badges/gpa.svg
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/salvoventura/pypexels
   :alt: Code Climate

.. |Landscape Io| image:: https://landscape.io/github/salvoventura/pypexels/master/landscape.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://landscape.io/github/salvoventura/pypexels/master
   :alt: Code Health

.. |Say Thanks| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg
   :target: https://saythanks.io/to/salvoventura
   :alt: Say Thanks
